# AP-CS-Final-Project
Summary - My object is the superhero, Iron Man. The world that the game takes place in is the Marvel world, in which other similar superhero objects live. They all have 5 statistics for their fighting skills, and during a fight, their stats are compared. If iron man has at least ⅗ of the stats higher than his opponent, he wins the battle. There are 4 levels in the game, and each level gets progressively harder. The opponents stats are randomly generated between 50-95 in the first round, 55-95 in the second round, 60-95 in the third round, and 65-95 in the final round. As a result the last round is the most difficult round because the opponents stats have the highest chance to be very high numbers. The user is asked at the end of the game if they would like to play again, and because the driver has a do while loop, they can start over or break the loop. 

Synopsis - The difficulty in this project came in the coordination between the classes, and the debugging once my program was substantially large. Using getter methods to access variables from other classes was difficult at first, but I caught on how to grow efficient with it. There were other instances where my driver was too big with text and I needed to move Statements back into other classes. This project was extremely fun because the prompt was very open ended. I had a fantastic experience while I was able to code whatever I wanted to create my own game with the Marvel theme I selected. The part that was not fun was when I had to refer back to the rubric to make sure I met all the requirements. The final product is 90% of what I envisioned during my proposal. There were a few ideas I wanted to incorporate that were much beyond my coding skills. Everything else could be constructed by the skills we learned during the first semester. One thing I learned was how to use getter methods to access variables from other classes. Additionally, I learned how to concatenate better in code that I was physically writing. Not just a concatenation question on a test. In preparation to this project, I wish I planned out how to prioritize my time better and stay on track with this assignment. I also wish I had made diagrams of all my classes before on paper so it would be easier for me to know the final product. I really didn’t have much of an idea of what my game was until I finished. I also wish we knew how to add more exciting variables to objects that had their own logics and traits. 
